Fix OnlyOffice description (#1150)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/productivity.en.md

    ![OnlyOffice logo](assets/img/productivity/onlyoffice.svg){ align=right }

>     **OnlyOffice** is a web-based free and open-source office suite with extensive functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **OnlyOffice** is a cloud-based free and open-source office suite with extensive functionality, including integration with Nextcloud.
```
